Important Things Left!
2. Add something to do with classifications on programme dashboard
3. Potentially figure out the audit log stuff? 
5. API?
7. Need search features for students etc
8. Charts and tables
9. Security stuff



Improve
1. Add in search bar on viewAdmins page
2. Add in back to home dashboard on all pages
3. Display Active/Inactive on admin profile - not true/false
4. Option to search admins by active or inactive profiles
5. If admin is inactive, all assigned programmes must be inactive too - throw error
6. Add in unassigned date for admins
7. Some notification to say that change has been made when editing
8. Fix error page 
9. Something about changing a users password? Inst admin cannot change password of academic admin
10. Need admin page for each user to change their own password?
11. Show programme name with capital letters/fix unique validation on db
12. Inactive/active date for programme modules to show on tables
13. Creating a new programme, y2/y3 weights need to be entered as 0.40/cannot be greater than 1. Change this somehow to percentage?
14. When entering in resit cap, that cannot be 0.x like above, must be whole percentage number. either change to match above or vice versa
15. Lets it create a new programme without degree_type or school being entered - enums. make these a drop down list with available enums
16. Need to create logic to stop a programme being added to a user if it's already assigned
17. MOVE ALL STUFF TO DO WITH MODULES AND WEIGHTS ETC TO ACADEMIC ADMIN 
18. Have something in so that it's programmes by graduation year?
19. Fix all back buttons to be back to previous page
20. Update classification logic stuff on students profile also
21. Have students modules organised by module code 
22. Change all the dates to just show the date and not time
23. Change colours of everything and backgrounds etc
24. Move overall mark stuff to utils folder
25. When editing a student, makes you redo the enrolled date every time
26. Shouldn't let you inactivate programme with active students
27. Something in for adding in already assigned programmes - get code from other page